johnny awesome-

the boss:

1st panel: Johnny and ralph are standing next to each other. Ralph is sporting a blue MTHSTech vest rather than his
usual leather jacket. They are inside of an office. Accross is a seemingly empty desk. Ralph speaks: "Ayo doc?"

2nd panel: A close up of the desk is shown. All that is seen is an empty chair. on the desktop is some bloodstains

3rd panel: A close up of the desk is shown. There is both yellow and red stains as well as some snake skin. A 
speech bubble with a "yess ralph... what isss it."

4th panel: Return to a shot of Johnny and ralph standing next to each other. "Dr. Strauss, this is the person I was
telling you about. This is Johnny"

5th panel: Dr. Strauss rises up from the chair. It reveals a sickly intense looking snake. His eyes have slits, yet
he still looks quite friendly. "I sssee"

6th panel: Cut to johnny. He looks like he's being charasmatic with ease. "Hello Dr. Strauss. Nice to meet you" He
reaches out his hand for a shake.

7th panel: Dr strauss literally fucking bites johnny's hand. 

8th panel: johnny screams.

9th panel: the snake receeds back in the chair. "god DAMN! That shit's GOOD!! You're hired!!!!"

10th panel: classic johnny awesome stare at the camera. Ralph speaks next to him "Haha! classic doc!"

parking pass:

1st panel: a sign is posted next a door that says "Registrars Office"

2nd panel: Johnny approaches the desk, Only he is visible, there is a shadowed figure with only eyes visible.
"Hello?" Johnny says.

3rd panel: The figure is revealed. He is surging with power. "You there! You have entered the domain of I, 
Mithrinax, Master of the Storm and Keeper of keys! State your business or prepare to be destroyed!" He bellows.

4th panel: Johnny looks skeptical but he definetly isn't scared. He looks at Mithrinax and says, "Yeah, I'm here
to buy a parking pass for the student lot".

5th panel: Zoom in of Mithrinax's face. His eyes shine with power. "So be it."

6th panel: Mithrinax lifts a staff that was previously unseen. He is surrounded by a green flame with a blue orb 
charging up at the stop of his staff. A speech bubble with unintelligable runes is floating above him.

7th panel: A beam of pure blue hot energy is blasted from the staff into Johnny's heart, his eyes have turned a
glowy white and his mouth is agape. 

8th panel: Zoom in on Mithrinax's face, His eyes have reversed color and he looks content. "It is done."

9th panel: Johnny looks empty. His hair has a streak of white lightning and it is also ruffled. His pupils are small.
"Thank you master"


The machine part 1:

1st panel: A door is present. It looks old and hollowed. A blue glow eminates from the cracks in and under the door.
A sign reads Room #F1011 to the right side of it. Not seen but heard off screen is Ralph.  "Hey Johnny, Is this it?".

2nd panel: Johnny and Ralph enter the panel in front of the door. They are both wearing a blue vest that says
"MTHS TECH" on the back. They are visible looking towards the door. Johnny speaks, "Yep, F1011. Go ahead and 
unlock it"

3rd panel: Visible from the other side is a darkened room with a blue glow on the walls. The door is open to the
much brighter hallway. Outside, Johnny and Ralph are looking in. Ralph looks someone frightened while Johnny looks
skeptical.

4th panel: Cut to the interior of the room. Sitting in the center is a massive machine with a much smaller CRT
in the center of the machine. A keyboard is built into the machine below the monitor. On the screen is some
unlegible text. 

5th panel: Johnny and Ralph stand in front of the machine from behind looking up at it. Ralph speaks, "Holy shit
I think this is older than the doc thought". Johnny responds "Yeah, no way this can run windows 10".

6th panel: The door behind them slams shut, Visibly shaking both ralph and johnny. Ralph speaks, "What the fuck
was that?!"

7th panel: The computer starts beeping rapidly. The screen flashes all sorts of crazy colors at Ralph and Johnny.
They are both screaming.

8th panel: The computer flashes even more rapidly before stopping on the outline of a simple face on the original
blue background. It looks left and right.

9th panel: Cut from the computer screen to Johnny and Ralph looking at the screen. The screen speaks, his
speech bubbles are highly polygonized. "Greetings lifeforms. Please say a command."


The machine part 2:

1st panel: Ralph and Johnny are looking off panel towards the audience. Ralph looks scared and johnny looks 
less scared than ralph, but still somewhat shaken. Ralph speaks: "What the fuck is going on?"

2nd panel: A shot of the screen is in full view. The computer speaks, "You are currently accessing the 
Alpha Prime Order Database Access Terminal, or APODAT. Please say a command."

3rd panel: Johnny and Ralph look at each other, both with their eyes narrowed. 

4th panel: They both look back at the screen and Johnny speaks, "What do you do?".

5th panel: Cut back to screen, ralph and johnny visible. "I am connected to the Alpha Prime Order master database
system, which gives me access to almost all knowledge known to mankind."

6th panel: cut to computer taking up full panel. It continues speaking. "My purpose is to provide quick and easy
access to this knowledge for all. Please say a command."

7th panel: Ralph and Johnny look at each other again, this time both have a mischeivious smile.

8th panel: Ralph speaks, now looking confident. "And you'll share this knowledge with *anyone*?"

9th panel: zoom in on compuface. "Correct. Please say a command."


The machine part 3:

1st panel:
